hey YouTube I just got to Mississippi
map turtles and I'm gonna unbox them for
you I've been waiting for like a week
now hopefully they're alive and been
waiting a long time for these guys
mercy warning protected by killer
turtles business card and here they are
they are tiny I thought that they would
be bigger I came with this packet of
food but man these guys are small oh my
god
these guys are like the size of a
quarter
oh one of them we know it's definitely
alive because he's moving so that here's
one of them it's Mississippi Matt turtle
he looks pretty healthy he's retracting
pretty good he looks very healthy shells
not soft or anything and this is the
other one he's moving around pretty good
too so this one's pretty active not sure
if they're male or female when I ordered
them it didn't give me a preference so
I'm hoping that they're both males cuz I
don't want to get a huge turtle so I'll
probably do an update later in their
tank and yeah